docs: Explain revocation of unused but compromised keys (IDFGH-13688) (#14563)
espressif/esp-idf: docs/en/security/secure-boot-v2.rst

    --------------

    * Keys are processed in a linear order, i.e., key #0, key #1, key #2.

>     * After revoking a key, all remaining unrevoked keys can be used to sign applications. I.e, if key #1 gets revoked, both keys #0 and key #2 can still be used to sign firmwares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * When a key is revoked, all remaining unrevoked keys can still be used to sign applications. For instance, if key #1 is revoked, keys such as key #0 and key #2 will remain valid for signing the application.
```

    * A similar approach can also be used to physically re-flash with a new key. For physical re-flashing, the bootloader content can also be changed at the same time.

>     .. note::
> 
>     It can be necessary to revoke a key that isn't currently being used. For example: if the running application is still signed with key #0, but key #1 becomes compromised, you should revoke this key using this approach.
>     The new OTA update should still be signed with key #0, but the API `esp_ota_revoke_secure_boot_public_key(SECURE_BOOT_PUBLIC_KEY_INDEX_[N])` can be used to revoke the key #N. Afterwards all remaining unrevoked keys can be used to sign future applications.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note::

    It may be necessary to revoke a key that isn't currently being used.
    For example, if the active application is signed with key #0, but key #1 becomes compromised, you should revoke key #1 by using the above approach. The new OTA update should continue to be signed with key #0, and the API `esp_ota_revoke_secure_boot_public_key(SECURE_BOOT_PUBLIC_KEY_INDEX_[N])` can be used to revoke the key #N (N would be 1 in this case). After revoking, all remaining unrevoked keys can still be used to sign future applications.

```
